README.md, before:

# DotNet.AzureMaps.Blazor

## Summary
Contains a script and Blazor component (`MapsContainer`) that manages JSInterop between the component and the Azure Maps Web SDK. 
The component allows for management of multiple maps within it's `ChildContent`.
Formatting and styling is easily managed by the user within the ChildContent.

## NOTE: 
This library supersedes the [DotNet.AzureMaps](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Marqdouj.DotNet.AzureMaps/) NuGet package.

## UI Companion Library
- [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Marqdouj.DotNet.AzureMaps.Blazor.UI/) package.
- [README](README_UI.md)

## Prerequisites
- [Azure Maps account](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account).
If you don't have an azure account, you can create a [free account](https://azure.microsoft.com).

## Demo
A demo of this library, and some of my other `DotNet` libraries, can be found [here](https://github.com/marqdouj/dotnet.demo).

## Customization (JS Interop)
If there is some functionality not yet supported or you need to customize existing support
you can use your own custom [Blazor JS Interop](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/javascript-interoperability/).
An example of one of the methods to do this is in the demo.

## Documentation
- [Go to Docs](docs/ReadMe.md)

## Setup
- See the [Configuration](docs/Configuration.md) section in the docs.

## Release Notes
### 10.1.1
- `GeoJson`.
  - `GeometryType/GeoJsonType`. Enums have been updated to use `JsonStringEnumConverter`.
  - `MapFeatureDef`. 
	- Added extension methods to convert to/from Feature/FeatureCollection.
	- `MapFeatureDef<T>`. Specify the type of Geometry.
	  - `JsonSerializer`. Required for deserialization.
	- `Id`. Property is now independent of the JsInterop.Id property.
  - `GeoJsonObject`
	- `BBox`. Rename to Bbox to conform with json naming requirements.

### 10.1.0
- `GeoJson`. GeoJson objects have been modified to conform with the [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946).
  Some codes changes may be required due to these changes.
  - `GeoJsonType (New)`. 'Type' Enum for all GeoJson objects.
  - `GeoJsonObject (New)`. Base class for all GeoJson objects.
  - `GeometryCollection (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.1.8)
  - `Feature (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.2)
  - `FeatureCollection (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.3)
  - `Geometry`. 
	- Derives from `GeoJsonObject`.
	- `GeometryType`. Overrides base `GeoJsonObject.Type` enum; is castable to/from `GeoJsonType`.
  - `BoundingBox`. 
	- Moved from Common to GeoJson namespace.
	- Added `Is2D`, `Is3D`, and `IsValid` properties to indicate state.
	- `Southwest/Northeast`. Properties will now return null if IsValid == false.

### 10.0.1
- Update NuGet packages.

### 10.0.0
- Initial release.

Commit message:

### 10.2.0 - `GeoJson`.   - `GeometryType/GeoJsonType`. Enums are now serialized to/from Json using the `JsonStringEnumConverter`.   - `MapFeatureDef<T>`. Strongly typed `MapFeatureDef`. Required for deserialization.   - `MapFeatureDef`.  - Moved from `Layers` to `GeoJson` namespace.  - `Id`. Property is now independent of the JsInterop.Id property.   - `FeatureCollection`.  - Removed requirement for at least one feature in collection (not part of the specification).  - `Features`. Changed from IReadOnlyList to a full property. May be null.   - `GeoJsonObject`  - `BBox`. Rename to Bbox to conform with json naming requirements.   - `GeoJsonSerialization`. Extension methods for serialzation.

README.md, after:

# DotNet.AzureMaps.Blazor

## Summary
Contains a script and Blazor component (`MapsContainer`) that manages JSInterop between the component and the Azure Maps Web SDK. 
The component allows for management of multiple maps within it's `ChildContent`.
Formatting and styling is easily managed by the user within the ChildContent.

## NOTE: 
This library supersedes the [DotNet.AzureMaps](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Marqdouj.DotNet.AzureMaps/) NuGet package.

## UI Companion Library
- [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Marqdouj.DotNet.AzureMaps.Blazor.UI/) package.
- [README](README_UI.md)

## Prerequisites
- [Azure Maps account](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account).
If you don't have an azure account, you can create a [free account](https://azure.microsoft.com).

## Demo
A demo of this library, and some of my other `DotNet` libraries, can be found [here](https://github.com/marqdouj/dotnet.demo).

## Customization (JS Interop)
If there is some functionality not yet supported or you need to customize existing support
you can use your own custom [Blazor JS Interop](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/javascript-interoperability/).
An example of one of the methods to do this is in the demo.

## Documentation
- [Go to Docs](docs/ReadMe.md)

## Setup
- See the [Configuration](docs/Configuration.md) section in the docs.

## Release Notes
### 10.2.0
- `GeoJson`.
  - `GeometryType/GeoJsonType`. Enums are now serialized to/from Json using the `JsonStringEnumConverter`.
  - `MapFeatureDef<T>`. Strongly typed `MapFeatureDef`. Required for deserialization.
  - `MapFeatureDef`. 
	- Moved from `Layers` to `GeoJson` namespace.
	- `Id`. Property is now independent of the JsInterop.Id property.
  - `FeatureCollection`.
	- Removed requirement for at least one feature in collection (not part of the specification).
	- `Features`. Changed from IReadOnlyList to a full property. May be null.
  - `GeoJsonObject`
	- `BBox`. Rename to Bbox to conform with json naming requirements.
  - `GeoJsonSerialization`. Extension methods for serialzation.

### 10.1.0
- `GeoJson`. GeoJson objects have been modified to conform with the [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946).
  Some codes changes may be required due to these changes.
  - `GeoJsonType (New)`. 'Type' Enum for all GeoJson objects.
  - `GeoJsonObject (New)`. Base class for all GeoJson objects.
  - `GeometryCollection (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.1.8)
  - `Feature (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.2)
  - `FeatureCollection (new)`. See [RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7946#section-3.3)
  - `Geometry`. 
	- Derives from `GeoJsonObject`.
	- `GeometryType`. Overrides base `GeoJsonObject.Type` enum; is castable to/from `GeoJsonType`.
  - `BoundingBox`. 
	- Moved from Common to GeoJson namespace.
	- Added `Is2D`, `Is3D`, and `IsValid` properties to indicate state.
	- `Southwest/Northeast`. Properties will now return null if IsValid == false.

### 10.0.1
- Update NuGet packages.

### 10.0.0
- Initial release.
